---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_origin Resource - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ec_origin (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ec_origin" "origin_images" {
    account_number = "A1234"
    directory_name = "images"
    media_type = "httplarge"
    host_header = "images.mysite.com"
    http {
        load_balancing = "RR"
        hostnames = ["images-origin-1.mysite.com","images-origin-2.mysite.com"]
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **directory_name** (String) Identifies the directory name that will be assigned to the customer origin configuration. This alphanumeric value is appended to the end of the base CDN URL that points to the customer origin server. Note: A protocol should not be specified when setting this parameter. Examples: `www.example.com:80`,`10.10.10.255:80`,`[1:2:3:4:5:6:7:8]:80`
- **host_header** (String) Defines the value that will be assigned to the Host header for all requests to this customer origin configuration. A host header is especially useful when there are multiple virtual hostnames hosted on a single physical server or load-balanced set of servers.
- **media_type** (String) Identifies the Delivery Platform to use. Valid values are `httplarge`,`httpsmall`, and `adn`

### Optional

- **account_number** (String) Account Number for the customer if not already specified in the provider configuration.
- **http** (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http`

Required:

- **hostnames** (List of String) This request parameter contains the set of hostnames/IP addresses to which HTTP requests for this customer origin configuration may be fulfilled.
- **load_balancing** (String) Determines how HTTP requests will be load balanced across the specified hostnames/IP addresses. Valid values: `RR` for Round Robin and `PF` for Primary and Failover.


