---
page_title: "edgecast_edgecname Resource"
subcategory: "Edge CNAME"
description: |-
  edgecast_edgecname Resource
---

# edgecast_edgecname Resource
Use the `edgecast_edgecname` resource to create and manage an edge CNAME configuration. An edge CNAME configuration is a key component for delivering content through our CDN using a user-friendly URL. 

-> You may manage an existing edge CNAME configuration by importing it as a resource.  
[Learn more.](#import-resource)

Setting up delivery through our CDN involves:
* Creating a customer origin group that identifies a data source for your content (e.g., your web servers).

 [Learn more.](https://docs.edgecast.com/cdn/#Origin_Server_-_File_Storage/Customer-Origin-v2.htm)
* Creating an edge CNAME configuration that points your hostname to an origin (e.g., a customer origin group).

 [Learn more.](https://docs.edgecast.com/cdn/#Origin_Server_-_File_Storage/Creating_an_Alias_for_a_CDN_URL.htm)
* Creating or updating a CNAME record through your DNS service provider. This step is essential for directing requests to our CDN.

 [Learn more.](https://docs.edgecast.com/cdn/#Origin_Server_-_File_Storage/Creating_an_Alias_for_a_CDN_URL.htm#SettingupDNSforanEdgeCNAME)
* If you require delivery over HTTPS, then you will need to also provision a TLS certificate through our Certificate Provisioning System.

 [Learn more.](https://docs.edgecast.com/cdn/#HTTP_and_HTTPS_Data_Delivery/HTTPS.htm#TLSCertificateSetup)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "edgecast_edgecname" "edgecname_cdn_origin" {
    account_number = "0001"
    name = "cdn.example.com"
    dir_path = "/marketing"
    enable_custom_reports = 1 # True = 1, False = 0
    media_type_id = 3 # HTTPLarge = 3, HTTP Small = 8, ADN = 14
    origin_id = -1
}

resource "edgecast_edgecname" "edgecname_customer_origin" {
    account_number = "0001"
    name = "sales.example.com"
    dir_path = "/sales"
    enable_custom_reports = 1 # True = 1, False = 0
    media_type_id = 3 # HTTPLarge = 3, HTTP Small = 8, ADN = 14
    origin_id = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_number` (String) Identifies your account. Find your account number in the upper right-hand corner of the MCC.
- `media_type_id` (Number) Identifies the delivery platform on which the edge CNAME will be created. Valid values are: 
 * `3` - Http Large 
 * `8` - HTTP Small 
 * `14` - ADN
- `name` (String) Identifies a hostname through which your content will be delivered. It should only consist of lower-case alphanumeric characters, dashes, and periods. From your DNS service provider, configure a CNAME record for this hostname.
- `origin_id` (Number) Determines whether this edge CNAME will point to CDN storage or a customer origin group. Valid values are: 
 * `-1` - CDN storage 
 * `<Customer Origin Group ID>` - Customer Origin Group. Specify the system-defined ID for the desired customer origin group.

### Optional

- `dir_path` (String) Identifies a location on the origin server. Specify a relative path from the root folder of the origin server to the desired location. Set this argument to an empty string to point the edge CNAME to the root folder of the origin server.
- `enable_custom_reports` (Number) Determines whether hits and data transferred statistics will be tracked for this edge CNAME. View this data through the Custom Reports module. Valid values are: 
 * `0` - Disabled (Default Value). 
 * `1` - Enabled. CDN activity on this edge CNAME will be logged.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `origin_string` (String) Indicates the origin identifier, the account number, and the relative path associated with the edge CNAME.

## Import Resource
Manage an existing edge CNAME configuration through Terraform by importing it as a resource. Perform the following steps:
1. Insert an empty resource block within your resource configuration.

        resource "edgecast_edgecname" "<RESOURCE>" {
          
        }
    **Example:**

        resource "edgecast_edgecname" "sample_edge_cname" {
          
        }
1. Run the following command to attach an edge CNAME configuration to your resource configuration.

        terraform import edgecast_edgecname.<RESOURCE> <ACCOUNT_NUMBER>:<EDGE_CNAME_ID>
    * `<RESOURCE>` - Replace this term with the name of the resource defined in step 1.
    * `<ACCOUNT_NUMBER>` - Replace this term with your customer account number. Find your account number in the upper right-hand corner of the MCC.
    * `<EDGE_CNAME_ID>` - Replace this term with the system-defined ID assigned to the desired edge CNAME configuration. You may retrieve a list of edge CNAME configurations and their system-defined IDs through our [REST API](https://developer.edgecast.com/cdn/api/index.html#Media_Management/Edge_CNAMEs.htm).

    **Example:**

        terraform import edgecast_edgecname.sample_edge_cname 0001:123456
->Upon running the above command, a resource for that edge CNAME configuration will be recorded in the state file.