---
page_title: "edgecast_waf_managed_rule Resource"
subcategory: "Web Application Firewall (WAF)"
description: |-
  edgecast_waf_managed_rule  Resource
---

# edgecast_waf_managed_rule  Resource
Use managed rules to:

* Identify malicious traffic via predefined rules. A collection of policies and rules is known as a rule set.
* Prevent false positives by:
    * Defining cookies, request headers, and query string arguments that should be ignored when performing a threat assessment. This type of configuration is known as an ignore list.
    * Identifying requests for which specific predefined rules will not be applied. This type of configuration is known as a rule exception.

[Learn more.](https://docs.edgecast.com/cdn/#Web-Security/Managed-Rules.htm)


-> Apply a managed rule to your traffic by adding it to a [Security Application Manager](https://docs.edgecast.com/cdn/#Web-Security/SAM.htm) configuration.

-> You may manage an existing managed rule by importing it as a resource.  
[Learn more.](#import-resource)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "edgecast_waf_managed_rule" "managed_rule_1" {
    account_number                = "0001"
    name                          = "Terraform Managed Rule #1"
    ruleset_id                    = "ECRS"
    ruleset_version               = "2020-05-01"
    policies                      = [
        "r4020_tw_cpanel.conf.json",
        "r4040_tw_drupal.conf.json",
        "r4030_tw_iis.conf.json",
        "r4070_tw_joomla.conf.json",
        "r4050_tw_microsoft_sharepoint.conf.json",
        "r4060_tw_wordpress.conf.json",
        "r5040_cross_site_scripting.conf.json",
        "r2000_ec_custom_rule.conf.json",
        "r5021_http_attack.conf.json",
        "r5020_http_protocol_violation.conf.json",
        "r5043_java_attack.conf.json",
        "r5030_local_file_inclusion.conf.json",
        "r5033_php_injection.conf.json",
        "r5032_remote_code_execution.conf.json",
        "r5031_remote_file_inclusion.conf.json",
        "r5010_scanner_detection.conf.json",
        "r5042_session_fixation.conf.json",
        "r5041_sql_injection.conf.json",
        "r6000_blocking_evaluation.conf.json"
    ]

    disabled_rule {
                policy_id = "r2000_ec_custom_rule.conf.json"
                rule_id = "431003"
            } 

    general_settings {
        anomaly_threshold = 10
        arg_length =  8000
        arg_name_length = 1024
        combined_file_sizes = 6291456
        ignore_cookie = ["ignoredCookie"]
        ignore_header = ["ignoredHeaders"]
        ignore_query_args = ["ignoredQuery"]
        json_parser = true
        max_num_args = 512
        paranoia_level = 1
        process_request_body = true
        response_header_name = "X-EC-Security-Audit"
        total_arg_length = 64000
        validate_utf8_encoding = true
        xml_parser = true
    }

    rule_target_update {
        is_negated = false
        is_regex = true
        target = "ARGS"
        target_match = "ignoredArgumentException"
        rule_id = "431000"
        replace_target = ""
    }

    rule_target_update {
        is_negated = false
        is_regex = true
        target = "REQUEST_COOKIES"
        target_match = "ignoredCookiesException"
        rule_id = "431000"
        replace_target = ""
    }

    rule_target_update  {
        is_negated = false
        is_regex = true
        target = "REQUEST_HEADERS"
        target_match = "ignoredHeaderException"
        rule_id = "431000"
        replace_target = ""
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `general_settings` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Contains settings that define the profile for a valid request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--general_settings))
- `ruleset_id` (String) Indicates the ID for the rule set associated with this managed rule.
- `ruleset_version` (String) Indicates the version of the rule set associated with this managed rule.

### Optional

- `account_number` (String) Identifies your account. Find your account number in the upper right-hand corner of the MCC.
- `disabled_rule` (Block Set) This block identifies each rule that has been disabled using these properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disabled_rule))
- `name` (String) Indicates the name of the managed rule.
- `policies` (List of String) Contains a list of policies that have been enabled on this managed rule.
- `rule_target_update` (Block Set) This block describes a target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_target_update))

### Read-Only

- `created_date` (String) Indicates the date and time at which the managed rule was created.
- `customer_id` (String) Identifies your account. Find your account number in the upper right-hand corner of the MCC.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_modified_by` (String) Reserved for future use.
- `last_modified_date` (String) Indicates the date and time at which the managed rule was last modified.
- `version` (String) Reserved for future use.

<a id="nestedblock--general_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `general_settings`

Required:

- `anomaly_threshold` (Number) Indicates the anomaly score threshold.
- `arg_length` (Number) Indicates the maximum number of characters for any single query string parameter value.
- `arg_name_length` (Number) Indicates the maximum number of characters for any single query string parameter name.
- `max_num_args` (Number) Indicates the maximum number of query string parameters.
- `total_arg_length` (Number) Indicates the maximum number of characters for the query string value.

Optional:

- `combined_file_sizes` (Number) Indicates the total file size for multipart message lengths.
- `ignore_cookie` (List of String) Identifies each cookie that will be ignored for the purpose of determining whether a request is malicious traffic.
- `ignore_header` (List of String) Identifies each request header that will be ignored for the purpose of determining whether a request is malicious traffic.
- `ignore_query_args` (List of String) Identifies each query string argument that will be ignored for the purpose of determining whether a request is malicious traffic.
- `json_parser` (Boolean) Determines whether JSON payloads will be inspected. Valid values are: 

        true | false
- `paranoia_level` (Number) Indicates the balance between the level of protection and false positives. Valid values are: 

        1 | 2 | 3 | 4
- `process_request_body` (Boolean) Determines whether JSON payloads will be inspected.
- `response_header_name` (String) Determines the name of the response header that will be included with blocked requests.
- `validate_utf8_encoding` (Boolean) Indicates whether WAF may check whether a request variable (e.g., `ARGS`, `ARGS_NAMES`, and `REQUEST_FILENAME`) is a valid UTF-8 string.
- `xml_parser` (Boolean) Determines whether XML payloads will be inspected.


<a id="nestedblock--disabled_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disabled_rule`

Optional:

- `policy_id` (String) Identifies a policy from which a rule will be disabled by its system-defined ID.
- `rule_id` (String) Identifies a rule that will be disabled by its system-defined ID.


<a id="nestedblock--rule_target_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_target_update`

Required:

- `is_regex` (Boolean) Identifies a rule that will be disabled by its system-defined ID.
- `rule_id` (String) Identifies a rule by its system-defined ID.
- `target` (String) Identifies the type of data source (e.g., `REQUEST_COOKIES`, `ARGS`, `GEO`, etc.) for which a target will be created.
- `target_match` (String) Identifies a name or category (e.g., cookie name, query string name, country code, etc.) for the data source defined in the `target` argument.

Optional:

- `is_negated` (Boolean) Determines whether the current target, as defined within this object, will be ignored when identifying threats.
- `replace_target` (String) Defines the data source (e.g., `REQUEST_COOKIES`, `ARGS`, `GEO`, etc.) that will be used instead of the one defined in the `target` argument.

## Import Resource
Manage an existing edge CNAME configuration through Terraform by importing it as a resource. Perform the following steps:
1. Insert an empty resource block within your resource configuration.

        resource "edgecast_waf_managed_rule" "<RESOURCE>" {
          
        }
    **Example:**

        resource "edgecast_waf_managed_rule" "sample_managed_rule" {
          
        }
1. Run the following command to attach an edge CNAME configuration to your resource configuration.

        terraform import edgecast_waf_managed_rule.<RESOURCE> <ACCOUNT_NUMBER>:<MANAGED_RULE_ID>
    * `<RESOURCE>` - Replace this term with the name of the resource defined in step 1.
    * `<ACCOUNT_NUMBER>` - Replace this term with your customer account number. Find your account number in the upper right-hand corner of the MCC.
    * `<MANAGED_RULE_ID>` - Replace this term with the system-defined ID assigned to the desired managed rule. You may retrieve a list of managed rules and their system-defined IDs through our [REST API](https://developer.edgecast.com/cdn/api/index.html#Media_Management/Web-Security/Get-All-Profiles.htm).

    **Example:**

        terraform import edgecast_waf_managed_rule.sample_managed_rule 0001:123456
->Upon running the above command, a resource for that managed rule will be recorded in the state file.